JNC 08/OCt/25

More testing and debugging done on the J2000 coordinates. The code has two compile time options (a) to use SLA to do the coordinate transformation or (b) to use NOVAS. The SLA version matches the positions obtained from the 1s LTA file, and  as such seems fine. Still more testing is needed for the NOVAS issues. There may be finer issues related to use of UTC instead of UT1 in computing the hour angle. If so, this correction would also need to be made to gvfits. At the moment there is the option to read in the BulletinA corrections to get the UTC to UT1 conversion, but it is not used.

Also added the option of specifying an LTA time (in seconds) when converting all of the rawvisibility data to FITS (ALL_DATA option). This helps reduce the file size considerably. This is very useful when making a large scale image for finding background sources to check astrometry.

This version also includes reading in of the binary corr and scan headers. However currently the Das pipeline appears to be filling wrong/incomplete information in these headers, so until that is resolved, one needs to seprately provide all of the meta data in the svfits_par.txt file. 

Some details on the files in this commit are given below.

antsamp.hdr - No change

fitsio.h  No change

gmrt_newcorr.h No change.

longnam.h No Change

makefile  changes associated with the option of using SLA/NOVAS for the rotation.

novascon.h header file for NOVASC

novas.h    header file for NOVASC

novas_prenut.c NOVAS based functions to do the precession/nutation etc.

nutation.h header file for NOVASC

plot_flagged.py  No change

plot_postcorr.py added replacement of NaN with zeros.

Readme -- this file.

read_rawvis.py No change. This needs to be updated to reflect the fact that the raw visibility files now have the index embeded in them.

solarsystem.h Header file for NOVASC

sla_prenut.c  SLA based functions to do the precession/nutation etc.

sla
stats.c -- No change

SVFITS.md  usage docummentation - updated to reflect changes.

svfits.c -- changes associated with giving the option of using SLA/NOVAS and also integrating the data further in the ALL_DATA mode.

svfits.docx -- a brief report on svfits. updated  to reflect changes

svfits_par.txt -- updated to include the relevant new options.

svio.h -- small changes corresponding to the new options in svfits.

svsubs.c -- added option of using SLA/NOVAS for the coordinate rotations, the SLA version compares very well with images from the 1s LTA file. Various other smaller changes.




